### Features
- Continue to build LAN mode, use fundamental of centralized server with host-successor architecture to handle host leave. Examine if the git style chat/clipboard history control is feasible.
- Support drag to paste. Drag a shared content from main window to any other apps.
- Support drag to copy. Drag any file/image from file explorer to main window to share.

### Bugs to fix
- [x] Copy multiple files work, but copy folder does not work. *Optimize Now* Use "tar" to archive folder instead of zip(CPU overhead). Reorganize file clipboard system clearly, first determine files type: 1. single file, 2. multiple files, 3. folder 4. mixed files and folder. Only single file does not need tar archiving.
- The UI of chatbubble inside chatroom needs to be improved. Its align and new line is weird. Find a better chat bubble UI lib or implement a better one.
- [x] Remove unused/testing button: In the landing page, remove the unused "Join a room" button. Remove 3 fake user in user list.
- [x] hide gopher HUD immediately, if user click cursor elsewhere.
- [x] Improve app frame for macOS, make the frame header 3 buttons to align left with macOS native style: (Windows remain the same, you need to determine OS in React code)
```css
.mac-header {
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
  gap: 8px;
  margin-bottom: 15px;
}

.mac-header span {
  display: inline-block;
  width: 12px;
  height: 12px;
  border-radius: 50%;
}

.mac-header .red {
  background-color: #ff5f57;
}

.mac-header .yellow {
  background-color: #ffbd2e;
}

.mac-header .green {
  background-color: #28c941;
}
```
also make the app rounded cornered (both Windows and macOS)

- critical UX problem: Another issue is that when the gopher HUD is called, the AlwaysOnTop property makes it overlay on top, after HUD disappears and change back to main window, it can go beneath other windows.